what the scientists have learned from
Milo is that he can echolocate
accurately without even using his sight
relying solely on his so now this sixth
sense in dolphins is a constant
fascination to humans learning from
dolphins some people are even tapping
into this skill seeing the world in so
now
in Poole England another remarkable
eight-year-old is doing just that
Sam is learning to echolocate
Sam lives with his brother Nick dog
Kiera mum and dad but he's no ordinary
boy Sam is blind and is training himself
how to echolocate just like Milo let me
know if you find anything
hope you go
yeah where exactly is that
that's it that's a van got to it and
check it out right just check it out I
found the round okay like Milo Sam
echolocate by making sharp clicks if I
play I can hear echoes of night Wars and
stuff you put your tongue on the roof of
him
this sounded like that sizzle what do
you think you found what is it well
place well done Sam's only been
practicing echolocation for five months
but already he's honing his skill oh
really
your other senses but that backseater
and dolphins and that only helps me
go and get you reading folder yep
oh hang on a few then echolocation is
helping Sam become fully integrated into
mainstream school clip and find out why
it'll help me to be more independent so
I can do more things on my own
with practice
Sam hopes to become sophisticated
echolocator like Milo
you